Cluster Peering Prepared Query Failover Documentation (#13846)
hashicorp/consul: website/content/api-docs/query.mdx

      determine the priority.

    - `Datacenters` `(array<string>: nil)` - Specifies a fixed list of remote

>       datacenters to forward the query to when there are no healthy nodes in the

Reviewer: I recommend clarifying that the `Datacenters` field can only be used to specify WAN federated datacenters as failover targets. And that to specify a cluster peered datacenter or admin partition as a failover target, they need to use the `Targets` field instead.

>       datacenters to forward the query to when there are no healthy nodes in the

Reviewer: I recommend clarifying that the `Datacenters` field can only be used to specify WAN federated datacenters as failover targets. And that to specify a cluster peered datacenter or admin partition as a failover target, they need to use the `Targets` field instead.

      local datacenter. Datacenters are queried in the order given in the
      list. If this option is combined with `NearestN`, then the `NearestN`
      queries will be performed first, followed by the list given by
      `Datacenters`. A given datacenter will only be queried one time during a
      failover, even if it is selected by both `NearestN` and is listed in
      `Datacenters`.

>     - `Targets` `(array<Target>: nil)` - Specifies a fixed list of remote
>       datacenters and cluster peers to failover to  if there are no healthy
>       nodes in the local datacenter. Queries targets in the order listed.

Reviewer: Slight simplification and clarification

```suggestion
    - `Targets` `(array<Target>: nil)` - Specifies a sequential list of remote
      datacenters and cluster peers to failover to if there are no healthy
      service instances in the local datacenter.
```

      This option cannot be used with `NearestN` or `Datacenters`.

>       - `PeerName` `(string: "")` - Specifies a cluster peer to use for

Reviewer: Consider linking to the cluster peering docs (in case someone doesn't know what that is).

        failover.

>       - `Datacenter` `(string: "")` - Specifies a datacenter to forward the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      - `Datacenter` `(string: "")` - Specifies a WAN federated datacenter to forward the
```
